It's important that you learn to troubleshoot.
In preparation for the CCMA exam as well as for the real world this is a BGP troubleshooting lab.
Can you solve it.
Download the attached packet to trace a file and see if you can work out what the problem is in this
network and get it working.
We've been told in this typology that Rodda one can't ping wrote a fool.
In other words one is not able to ping the loopback of Rato for connectivity is broken.
No network.
We've been told now can you solve the self.
Download the attached packet to trace a file and see if you can resolve this without watching the video
and then come back and watch me solve the problems in this network.